News401: client services correction (#2724)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _posts/en/newsletters/2026-04-17-newsletter.md

- **Utreexod 0.5 released:**
  Utreexod [v0.5][utreexod blog] introduces IBD using [SwiftSync][news349
  swiftsync], reducing extra data downloaded from 1.4TB to 200GB.

- **Floresta 0.9.0 released:**
  Floresta [v0.9.0][floresta v0.9.0] aligns its P2P networking with the
  [proposed specification][news366 utreexo bips] for UTXO proof exchange and
  replaces libbitcoinconsensus with Bitcoin Kernel for approximately 15x faster

>   script validation, among other changes.

Reviewer: ```
- **Utreexod 0.5 released:**
  Utreexod [v0.5][utreexod blog] introduces IBD using [SwiftSync][news349
  swiftsync]: uses cryptographic aggregation to eliminate the need for downloading
 and verifying accumulator inclusion proofs during IBD, and slashing the extra data
 downloaded by Compact State Nodes during IBD from 1.4 TB to ~200 GB (worst case), 
 with further reductions possible through proof caching.
```

```
- **Floresta 0.9.0 released:**
  Floresta [v0.9.0][floresta v0.9.0] aligns its P2P networking with the
  [BIP-0183][news366 utreexo bips] for UTXO proof exchange,
  replaces libbitcoinconsensus with libbitcoinkernel,  for approximately 15x faster
  script validation, among other changes.
```

Author: updated with some small tweaks! @luisschwab

- **Utreexod 0.5 released:**
  Utreexod [v0.5][utreexod blog] introduces IBD using [SwiftSync][news349
  swiftsync] which uses cryptographic aggregation to eliminate the need for
  downloading and verifying accumulator inclusion proofs during IBD, and

>   eliminates the extra data downloaded during IBD from 1.4 TB to ~200 GB, with

Author: ```suggestion
  eliminates the extra data downloaded by Compact State Nodes during IBD from 1.4 TB to ~200 GB, with
```

>   further reductions possible through proof caching.

Reviewer: This should mention that the data reduction download is for CSNs and not utreexod itself

- **Floresta 0.9.0 released:**
  Floresta [v0.9.0][floresta v0.9.0] aligns its P2P networking with the

>   [BIP-0183][news366 utreexo bips] for UTXO proof exchange, and replaces

Reviewer 2: Per style guide:

```suggestion
  [BIP183][news366 utreexo bips] for UTXO proof exchange, and replaces
```

>   libbitcoinconsensus with libbitcoinkernel for approximately 15x faster script

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  libbitcoinconsensus with Bitcoin Kernel for approximately 15x faster script
```

Reviewer 2: We should probably decide what we call it and add it to the `style.md`.
